Document the upcoming Linux SDK release (#268)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/linux/linux-releases-integration-guide.mdx

:::

## Prerequisites

### The `memfaultd` daemon

We strongly recommend integrating `memfaultd` first. Follow the [getting-started
guide][docs-linux-getting-started] to learn how to set this up for your device.
A key function of `memfaultd` is to correctly configure and control SWUpdate.
While it is possible to use SWUpdate with Memfault's OTA backend without
`memfaultd`, you will have to manage the custom configuration of SWUpdate
yourself. Similarly, it's possible to use Memfault's OTA backend with a custom
OTA client. We provide limited support for the use cases without `memfaultd`.

In the sections below, select the tab of the use case for which use would like
to view detailed instructions:

- SWUpdate (with `memfaultd`): **recommended**
- SWUpdate (custom): not recommended

> - Custom: not recommended

Author: Hmm could be. It's a bit of a bigger change, and it would require working around the repeated parts in an elegant way.

To expedite this I'm going to skip your suggestion but I'm going to ping @HBehrens for a product opinion (once he's back!).

> While it is possible to use SWUpdate with Memfault's OTA backend without
> `memfaultd`, you will have to manage the custom configuration of SWUpdate
> yourself. Similarly, it's possible to use Memfault's OTA backend with a custom
> OTA client. We provide limited support for the use cases without `memfaultd`.
> 
> In the sections below, select the tab of the use case for which use would like
> to view detailed instructions:
> 
> - SWUpdate (with `memfaultd`): **recommended**
> - SWUpdate (custom): not recommended
> - Custom: not recommended

Reviewer: Reworded it to be less scary about the not-memfaultd cases.

```suggestion
While we recommend using `memfaultd` to automate OTA configuration and benefit from more advanced Memfault features, Memfault OTA may be used without it. This can be done by configuring your OTA agent to talk to the Memfault API. Both SWUpdate and RAUC have built-in support for Memfault OTA using the standard Hawkbit interface. A custom agent can also be developed using our REST API.

In the sections below, select the tab of the use case for which use would like
to view detailed instructions:

- SWUpdate (with `memfaultd`): **recommended**
- SWUpdate (standalone)
- Custom agent
```

Author: :+1: Took your suggestion almost as-is (changed ~Hawkbit~ -> hawkBit). As @vlindhol mentioned (https://github.com/memfault/memfault-docs/pull/268#discussion_r931823733) we've so far been careful not to steer users into not using `memfaultd`, but you have the override :+1: 

Personally I think it doesn't matter that much. As much as we encourage one thing or the other in docs, people are likeliest to pick what they originally intended to.

I guess claiming support for other things will reduce the amount of lost deals while potentially increasing support work.

> 

Reviewer 2: As per the discussion this morning, let's move the "DIY" (no memfaultd) pieces to a section at the very end, with a warning call-out saying this is not recommended / we strongly recommend using memfaultd to configure and control swupdate.
